On the 2nd of June 2021, I started experiencing the first symptoms of Covid-19. As an elderly woman from Germany, I was well aware of the risks associated with the virus. Immediately upon noticing the symptoms, I isolated myself in a separate room of our house to minimize the chances of infecting my husband and children.

Over the next few days, my symptoms worsened, and I developed a persistent cough, fever, and extreme fatigue. I contacted my family doctor, who advised me to get tested for Covid-19. Following the doctor's recommendation, I went to a local testing center on the 5th of June to undergo a PCR test.

While waiting for the test results, I continued to self-isolate and took all the necessary precautions to prevent spreading the virus. Unfortunately, on the 7th of June, my husband started experiencing similar symptoms. It was devastating to realize that I had unknowingly infected him.

In the following days, my husband's condition deteriorated rapidly, and we decided it was necessary for him to seek medical attention. On the 10th of June, he was admitted to the hospital for treatment. I, too, continued to experience severe symptoms, but since my condition was relatively stable, I opted to recover at home under the guidance of my doctor.

Throughout my illness, I remained in close contact with my family doctor, who monitored my symptoms and provided medical advice. I followed his instructions diligently, taking prescribed medications, resting as much as possible, and maintaining good hygiene practices.

Tragically, despite the efforts of healthcare professionals, my husband's condition worsened, and he succumbed to the virus on the 20th of June. His passing was a devastating blow, and I mourned the loss deeply.

As the months went by, I slowly regained my health. In the meantime, the Covid-19 vaccine became available to the general public. Recognizing the importance of vaccination in preventing further spread of the virus, I chose to get vaccinated as soon as possible.
